Added instructions on deploying dataverse-globus app with nginx (#3)
gdcc/dataverse-globus: README.md

Then run `npm install @angular/cli@17.1.2` to install `ng` and the rest of Angular CLI.
The executable `ng` must be in your `$PATH`. To add it, run `export PATH=$PATH:node_modules/.bin`.

To build run `ng build --base-href=path_to_globus_app --omit=dev`

You should have compiled source in dist directory. Copy dataverse-globus/dist into a dedicated folder on your webserver.

# Deploying production with NGINX

> This installation assumes that dataverse-globus app will be running on it's own web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installation assumes that dataverse-globus app will be running on its own web server.
```

The installation and deployment instructions are written for RHEL. Adjust as needed for other flavors of Linux.

> You must have SSL certificate and key in order to continue with deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have an SSL certificate and key in order to continue with deployment.
```

Install nginx: 
```bash
sudo dnf install nginx
```

Enable and start nginx:
```bash
sudo systemctl enable nginx
```
```bash
sudo systemctl start nginx
```

Create a new file in the `/etc/nginx/conf.d` directory. Name it `dataverseglobus.conf`:
```bash
sudo touch /etc/nginx/conf.d/dataverseglobus.conf
```

> The following is a sample `dataverseglobus.conf` file. You may adjust as needed to suite your installation. Copy the config below into `dataverseglobus.conf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a sample `dataverseglobus.conf` file. You may adjust as needed to suit your installation. Copy the config below into `dataverseglobus.conf`
```

> Replace path to certificate and key with correct path, as well as insert your server name.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the path to the certificate and key with correct path and insert your server name.:
```
